README.md, before:

# FLoRaSat

FLoRaSat (Framework for LoRa-based Satellite networks) is an Omnet++ based discrete-event simulator to carry out end-to-end satellite IoT simulations based on LoRa and LoRaWAN adaptations to the space domain.

The simulator is based on an extended version of [FLoRa](https://flora.aalto.fi/), with satellite trajectories, antenna models, and inter-satellite linking (ISL) fowarding, among other feautures.

Currently, we support a single sample scenario comprising 16 satellites in a grid-like formation (realistic orbital parameters), passing over a circular region with up to 1500 nodes.

Please consider the the simulator is under active development, and it should **not** be considered a final stable version at the moment.

## Installation

FLoRaSat was recently tested using: 
- [Omnetpp6.0Pre14](https://omnetpp.org/download/preview) (but should work on later Pre releases)
- INET v4.3 (installed by default the first time Omnetpp IDE is launched)

 The simulator also uses OpenSSL headers and libraries, which should be installed beforehand (`sudo apt-get install libssl-dev` in Ubuntu).
 
 **Note 1:** Move `earth.jpg` from  the `images/maps` directory to `omnetpp-6.0pre14/images/maps` directory.

 **Note 2:** The scenario is executed using the `omnetpp.ini` located in the `/simulations` directory.

Commit message:

1. Improved install instrucctions, INET path is set and no longer assumed. 2. Updated run executable files and Makefile to support previous change. 3. Added new setup programs setup.sh and setinet.sh. 4. New developping branch framework

README.md, after:

# FLoRaSat

FLoRaSat (Framework for LoRa-based Satellite networks) is an Omnet++ based discrete-event simulator to carry out end-to-end satellite IoT simulations based on LoRa and LoRaWAN adaptations to the space domain.

The simulator is based on an extended version of [FLoRa](https://flora.aalto.fi/), with satellite trajectories, antenna models, and inter-satellite linking (ISL) fowarding, among other feautures.

Currently, we support a single sample scenario comprising 16 satellites in a grid-like formation (realistic orbital parameters), passing over a circular region with up to 1500 nodes.

Please consider the the simulator is under active development, and it should **not** be considered a final stable version at the moment.


## Installation

- The simulator uses OpenSSL headers and libraries. Install with `sudo apt-get install libssl-dev` in Ubuntu

- Install [Omnetpp6.0Pre14](https://omnetpp.org/download/preview) (but should work on later Pre releases)

- Install [INETv4.3](https://inet.omnetpp.org/Installation.html)

- Add INETv4.3 to the environment by executing setinet.sh passing the absolute path to the INET root directory. Example: `sh setinet.sh /home/diego/Diego/AGORA/omnetprojects/inet4.3`

- Copy FLoRaSat resources to the Omnetpp6 reosources. Execute `sh setup.sh`

**IMPORTANT** FLoRaSat will not with Omnetpp5 due to source code path inconsistency with version Omnetpp6


## Run simulations

- The scenario is executed using the `omnetpp.ini` located in the `/simulations` directory
